# Untended Graves

Now is an appropriate time to farm a Rotten Ghru Dagger due to the following
reasons:

1. We will use a Rotten Ghru Dagger to poison the upcoming boss. After infusing
   the Dagger with a Poison Gem, the Poison Rotten Ghru Dagger would quickly
   build up a boss' (invisible) poison bar.
1. We will also use a Poison Rotten Ghru Dagger to poison a boss in one of the
   DLCs.
1. A Poison Rotten Ghru Dagger is a general-purpose weapon for quickly poisoning
   enemies that can be poisoned. A Poison Rotten Ghru Spear is not as effective
   because, unlike a dagger class of weapon, a spear-type weapon is usually
   slower.

Return to Firelink Shrine, talk to Ludleth, and transpose the Crystal Sage's
soul into the Crystal Sage's Rapier. While equipped, the Rapier adds 50 points
to our Item Discovery, making it easier for us to farm anything in-game. As
shown in the next video, equip these items while farming for a Rotten Ghru
Dagger: Gold Serpent Ring, Symbol of Avarice, and Crystal Sage's Rapier in the
left hand. Pop a Rusted Gold Coin and our Item Discovery would be increased by
100 points for 60 seconds. Note that, unlike Rusted Coins, Rusted Gold Coins
cannot be purchased from any merchant. Use the backup save trick that we used
when farming for a Symbol of Avarice. Read the section "Symbol of Avarice" of
the guide below. In case your Dragonslayer's Axe is not yet infused with a Raw
Gem, consider also farming for a Raw Gem as shown below.

{% youtube id="_GBkLqLWF5s", title="26. Farming a Rotten Ghru Dagger, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

{% youtube id="HY5YerLzWRA", title="5. Farming a Raw Gem, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2101033317

The most dangerous type of enemy is the Grave Warden, who can quickly build up
your bleed bar. Have some Bloodred Moss Clumps ready. The sorcerer Kriemhild
will invade you near the boss arena. Equip the Magic Stoneplate Ring and consume
a Blue Bug Pellet to boost your magic defense. The ring is a guaranteed drop
once you defeated the two Cathedral Knights in front of Oceiros' room.

Be sure to grab these items:

-   Path of the Dragon gesture. This gesture is required to access an optional
    area.
-   Titanite Chunk x 2

The area boss is Champion Gundyr. Start the fight by poisoning him with a Poison
Rotten Ghru Dagger, which should be upgraded to at least +6. Once the boss is
poisoned, switch to your Raw Dragonslayer's Axe to deal damage. The Axe should
have been upgraded to at least +8. Champion Gundyr is weak against lightning and
can easily be parried. Buff your Raw Dragonslayer's Axe with Gold Pine
Resin/Bundle and parry the boss whenever you can. Sword Master is available to
be summoned to help you distract the boss.

{% youtube id="7TKySZQatiQ", title="28. Dark Firelink Shrine, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

Once Champion Gundyr is defeated, you would be able to access a dark version of
Firelink Shrine. Grab the following items while you're there:

-   Coiled Sword Fragment. This item functions as an infinite-use Homeward Bone
    so you don't have to regularly purchase Homeward Bones anymore. Don't trade
    the Coiled Sword Fragment with Nestling.
-   Priestess Ring. While equipped, the ring increases Faith by 5 points, enough
    to use various miracles if your starting class is Deprived.
